In the last lecture we created the off effects file and we added our first effect when we started setting
up the effect.
Right now it's only a property with the effect decorator on the right side of it.
We can now do something important though we can access the actions of our store to be able to do so
we need to add a constructor and inject something here I'm getting an error because the equal sign here
is missing a value so I'll leave it out for now.
Add a constructor and inject something for this to work we need to add a decorator to the whole class
D at injectable decorator just like we added to services to be able to inject services into services
imports dead from an angular or core.
Now what do I want to inject here.
I want to inject my actions and energy or its effect actually is automatically able to retrieve them
from the application state.
All we have to do is we have to add a private property here own name it actions and add a dollar sign
to kind of signal that it's observable though it didn't do to us and the rest of the application it
is optional.
But if your want to highlight that it's a special property in this class where otherwise just have these
effects.
So this is of type actions now and actions can be imported from ET and you are x effects too.
As I said and Jarius effects we'll be able to automatically retrieve the actions we have registered
in our store.
Now to be able to do so though we need to register defects Bordal in our app Marchal where we also have
to store module here.
I will add the effects module which is imported from ngi are x effects here.
I need to call for root unregistered the effects I want to control and these of course will be the effects
I defined in my off effects file because just like with anything else in an angler app angler doesn't
care about the files you create.
You have to tell it about every piece of your application which is important for you and the off effects
fault is important for us because there we export the class now by adding it here we simply hook it
up to the effects module and angular or ngi or X to be precise we'll be able to analyze our store and
inject our actions into our effect's class.
So for for route here we simply pass an array of all the effects classes we want to use in this app.
And here it's d of effects class which you need to import from dot slash of slash or slash of effects.
So what that that set up and now we got actions we can listen to but you still probably have no idea
about how this actually works.
So let's work on this next.